"Don't you have to be stupid somewhere else?" -Sandy
"Whoever is the owner of the white sedan, you left your lights on" -Patrick
"Is it the idiom that confuses you?" -JaysonMercs
"goodbye everyone I'll remember you all in therapy" -Plankton
"What is today but yesterday's tomorrow?" -Mr. Krabs
"All those wrong notes you played made it sound more original." -Spongebob
"you won't catch me when I shift into MAXIMUM OVERDRIVE!!!!!!!!!!!" -Plankton
"Whatever doesn't kill you, usually succeeds in the second attempt." -Eugene h. Krabbs
“Ravioli, ravioli, give me the formuoli.” -Robot Krabs
"If you're gonna strike at the king, you best get a crit hit" -JaysonMercs
“C’mon you lazy Mary, start rubbing me with that chocolate!” -Old Lady's Mom
~picks up little soaps~ "Look, Gary, doubloons. ~wink~ Don't drop 'em" -Spongebob
Is this the Krusty Krab? "No this is Patrick" -Patrick
"Remember, licking door knobs is illegal on other planets" - Spongebob
"If you can't take the heat, get outta the kitchen" -JaysonMercs
"Definitely going back to not checking djs links anymore" -pslim408
"Oh I fell in the _fucking_ hole again" -pslim408
"by the way" -fullyizzy
"I wumbo, you wumbo, he she we wumbo. Wumbo. Wumboing. Wumbology, the study of wumbo! It's first grade Spongebob!" - Patrick
"LEEDLE LEEDLE LEEDLE LEEDLE!" --Patrick
"That smell. A kind of smelly smell. The smelly smell that smells smelly." -Mr. Krabs
"Well maybe we wouldn't sound so bad if some people didn't try to play with BIG MEATY CLAWS" - Fish
“Well it's no secret that the best thing about a secret, is secretly telling someone your secret, thereby secretly adding another secret to their secret collection of secrets. Secretly!” -Spongebob
"I want a triple barfy deluxe on a raft, four-by-four animal style; an extra side of shingles with a shimmy and a squeeze; light axle grease, make it cry, burn it and let it swim." -Bubble Bass
"THE TALKING DOG AT THE SHELL SHACK IS SINGING!" -Fish
"And why are you wearing a ski mask? BECAUSE YOU'RE. NOT. SKIIING!" -Spongebob
"Can I be excused for the rest of my life?" -Spongebob
"The best time to wear a striped sweater is all the time." -Spongebob
"It took us 3 days to make that potato salad. THREE DAYS!" -Fish
"Oh these pies aren't homemade, they were made in a factory. A bomb factory. They're bombs." -Sailor
"See ya later, Bran Flakes!" -Fish
"WE SHOULD TAKE BIKINI BOTTOM, AND PUSH IT SOMEWHERE ELSE!" -Patrick
"Hey pal, you just blow in from stupid town?" -Patrick
"Have you finished those errands?" -Spongebob
"Wow, you guys are good. I'm the last person I would have suspected, but I was looking for me all the time! It's the perfect crime!" -Patrick
"Sandy, this is your pappy speaking, and I forbid you to go after this worm! Y'all come back here, young lady! " -Spongebob
"Stop on your right foot don't forget it. Now it's time to bring it around town. bring it around town." -Spongebob
"Which one of you flat-foots stole my lollipop?" -Patrick
"If I had a dollar for every brain you don't have, I'd have one dollar!" -Squidward
"Hey, Patrick, I heard there was a job opening down at the pet shop... as some newspaper!" -Squidward
"I don't see color but I hear the pain in people's voices" -pslim408